everybody wants to be successful but
virtually nobody understands that
success is a path it's a process it's
not a finish line it's not something
that you do once and then you finish it
is literally the systematic acquisition
of skills and as Scott Adam says every
skill you acquire doubles your odds of
success and that's it that's the secret
if you really want to do something in
your life if you really want to be great
if you want to smash it if you want to
be remembered the key is to acquire as
many skills as you can because
everything you bring into your world
gives you an exponentially greater
chance of winning of doing the thing
that you want to do but you have to be
totally focused and committed on gaining
those skills and as the rock pointed out
success at anything will always come
down to this focus and effort and we
control both once you understand that
that's what you have to do you have to
get control of yourself you have to stay
focused on something you have to learn
the discipline and apply it on your path
to success to acquire the skills that
you want to acquire that it is going to
demand of you that you work harder you
work smarter and you work longer than
anybody else and that's the [__]
secret there really is no grand mystery
if you want to be successful if you want
to do something other people can't do
then you have to become capable of the
extraordinary
you have to become capable of doing
something that other people can't and
that is the best possible news I could
give you because it doesn't matter what
you're born with it doesn't even matter
who you are what matters is who you want
to become and the price that you're
willing to pay to get there and let me
tell you this the price is known and
that price is the acquisition of skills
that price is getting so good that
people can ignore you that price is
being able to beat anyone at the game
that you've chosen the play once you get
to that point once people stand back in
awe when they watch what you're doing
then you will have won then success will
be yours but it was in no uncertain
terms the result of the past that you
walked and is Angela Duckworth notes
enthusiasm is common but endurance is
rare so when you sneak out that first
lead when you get ahead of people and
you think hey I've acquired the skill
I've done something people are looking
at me like I can't be stopped
remember that right now at this moment
someone is practicing well you're not
doing the thing that you need to be
doing while you're sitting back in your
laurels very happy with what you've
accomplished somebody else is going to
eat your lunch because they have a
passion and enthusiasm that endures and
at the end of the day if you can want
something so badly if you [__] burn
from the inside to do something to
become something to become capable of
more then you will endure then you'll be
able to push past other people then when
other people break and they lie in your
weight you will push forward because
that [__] thing in you that you have
cultivated is the ability to endure it
is not the ability to be a badass it is
not the ability to think that you're
cool it is the ability to kick your own
ass to deal with what is boring to live
in the pain to step towards anguish to
know that suffering is a choice and you
choose to turn it off because you know
on the other side on the other side of
endurance on the other side of
outlasting everybody else
is a skillset that makes you unstoppable
you
[Music]